# P198
Tommy Smith & John Carlos

1) Write a short biographie

Tommy Smith was a Englishi Sprinter of 200m and 400m, born in 4 april 1944 at Texas in Americas.
He 
John Wesley Carlos June 5, 1945 at Harlem in New York is an American former track and field athlete and professional football player

2) answer questions 1,2,3
    1)Look at the dates and the names. What do these people have in common?
    They are all first in line to do their passion or work, as Afro Americans, or to stand up for Afro Americans in protest. and try get away with it.


    2)Which achievement is the most outstanding to you? Why?
    2)Quelle réalisation est la plus marquante pour vous ? Pourquoi?
        I think the most remarkable person is Claudette Colvin, because when she was 15 years old, she rebelled against a whole bus.

    3a.) Imagine what these deeds meant to these people and their community.
    3a.) Imaginez ce que ces actes signifiaient pour ces personnes et leur communauté.
    ..De la personne choisi(Tommy et John)..
    They are 
    I guess this act means that all Afro-Americans can do whatever they want, they are not limited by the fact that they are Afro-Americans.
    Tommy Smith and John Carlos have changed the face of athletics, they have shown that Afro-Americans can win great competitions.


    b.) Has the situation changed nowadays in that field?
        Yes, the situation has changed slightly nowadays, although a lot has changed for equality between Afro-Americans and others. they have more rights now.But we must continue to fight for exactly the same rights

Tommy Smith and John Wesley 
Biographie)
Tommy Smith was an English 200m and 400m sprinter, born April 4, 1944 in Texas, America.
John Wesley Carlos June 5, 1945 in Harlem, New York is a former track and field athlete and professional American soccer player.

1) They are all first in line to do their passion or work, as Afro Americans, or to stand up for Afro Americans in protest. and try get away with it.
2) I think the most remarkable person is Claudette Colvin, because when she was 15 years old, she rebelled against a whole bus.
3a) I guess this act means that all Afro-Americans can do whatever they want, they are not limited by the fact that they are Afro-Americans. Tommy Smith and John Carlos have changed the face of athletics, they have shown that Afro-Americans can win great competitions.
b) Yes, the situation has changed slightly nowadays, although a lot has changed for equality between Afro-Americans and others. they have more rights now.But we must continue to fight for exactly the same rights







----

I think that their action to fight for the black community is really important, because it allows to emphasized the differences between the black community and the others.
